RBL Bank Movies and More Credit Card
While we are no longer accepting applications for RBL Bank Movies and More Credit Card, we have something more fun on offer for you! We are sure you would like our new proposition – RBL Bank Play Credit Card, designed specially for the movie buff in you. Know More

 

The RBL Bank Movies and More Credit Card issued by "RBL Bank Ltd" in association with "BigTree Entertainment Pvt Ltd (BookMyShow)" comes at an annual fee of INR 1,000. Please go through the page to explore the benefits that are available with the RBL Bank Movies and More Credit Card membership. Apply online for your Credit Card today.

 

"There is a revenue sharing arrangement between RBL Bank & BOOKMYSHOW for this card".

 

Curtain Raiser
Box office comes at your doorstep with 4 movie tickets worth INR 250 each at BookMyShow You get a benefit of INR 1,000 redeemable in 2 transactions of INR 500 each and maximum of 2 tickets in each transaction*

Monthly Treats
Monthly food and movie vouchers, much to your delight!

Enjoy up to 2 free movie tickets worth INR 250 each at BookMyShow on monthly spends of INR 15,000^; Please note that this offer is applicable if used in a single transaction
Enjoy 1 free movie ticket up to INR 250 at BookMyShow on monthly spends of INR 10,000^
Monthly benefit is automatically available to you at BookMyShow from next day of your bill generation and is valid till next bill generation. Example for statement date of 2nd, the offer will be available from 3rd till 2nd of next month.

The offer will be activated on next day of start of billing cycle date after 6 PM and will remain valid till end of billing cycle. Please refer www.rblbank.com/bmsoffers for detailed steps to avail the offer.

Annual Rewards Bonanza
Get 5,000 bonus reward points when the annual spends on your card cross INR 2 lakhs^
Get additional 10,000 bonus reward points when the annual spends on your card cross INR 3.5 lakhs^
Explore our Rewards Program and redeem your Reward Points for air travel, hotel stays, shopping vouchers and much more at www.rblrewards.com

Fun times are Rewarding times
With your RBL Bank Movies and More Credit Card Rewards Membership Program, you can:
Earn 10 reward points

Earn 10 reward points/ INR 100 spent at BookMyShow and at Pizza Hut and KFC
Earn 20 reward points

Earn 20 reward points/ INR 100 spent on dining on Wednesdays
Earn 1 reward points

Earn 1 Reward point* INR 100 on all your purchases
