World Safari Credit Card
With the RBL Bank World Safari Credit Card, you can enhance your travel experience for just INR 3,000 annual membership fee. Every deal is meant to excite the traveller and adventurer in you. Avail benefits right from the start.

 

Get a MakeMyTrip voucher worth INR 3,000 as a welcome gift. Travel more freely with a 0% markup on all foreign currency transactions. Earn travel points on all of your spendings, which you can then redeem to book flights and hotels.

0% Markup Fee
Spend wherever you like with the World Safari Credit Card, which charges a 0% markup on any foreign currency transactions. This translates to a 4% savings on all currency exchange transactions. Sounds like a great offer!

 

Credit Card	You Spend	You Pay
RBL Bank World Safari	$100	$100
Other Credit Cards

(3.5% foreign currency markup + GST @18%)*	$100	$104.13
Welcome Benefits
A special travel encounter exclusively for you! Receive a welcome gift of MakeMyTrip voucher worth INR 3,000.

 

How to avail?
Just transact with your card once within 30 days of issuance and pay your membership within the first billing cycle.
Voucher will be sent to your registered email address within 60 days from card issuance.
Validity of voucher will be 120 days from the date of voucher receipt.

A seasoned reward is due to a travel lover like you.
Earn 2 Reward Points for every eligible domestic retail transaction worth INR 100.
Earn 5 Reward Points for every eligible retail transaction worth INR 100 spent on Travel purchases.
On international purchases, there are no Reward Points.
Reward Points earned will be credited to the Cardmember’s account within 45 days from the settlement date of eligible retail transactions.
Visit www.rblrewards.com to explore and use your Reward Points for a variety of purchases, including hotel stays and air travel.

 

Miles and Milestones
Earn 10,000 bonus reward points on spending of INR 2.5 lacs or more in a membership year.
Earn 15,000 bonus reward points on spending of INR 5 lacs or more in a membership year.
Earn voucher worth INR 10,000 on spending INR 7.5 lacs or more in a membership year from brands including Taj Experiences, Amazon, Croma, Myntra, MakeMyTrip.
Reward points earned as ‘Milestone Benefit’ will be credited to your account within 45 days from the date of crossing the corresponding ‘Milestone Benefit’.
Voucher shall be mailed to you within 45 days from the date of crossing the corresponding ‘Milestone Benefit’.
To view the instructions for redeeming your World Safari Gift Card and its Terms & Conditions, click here

 

Complimentary Lounge Access
Lounge Access at airports in India: You can enjoy 2 complimentary lounge visits every calendar quarter at major domestic & international terminals across India by swiping your World Safari Credit Card.

Know the complete list of domestic lounges and terms of the offer, click here.

 

Lounge Access at airports outside India: A complimentary Priority Pass membership is live on your World Safari Credit Card which unlocks access to over 1,400 international airport lounges worldwide.

As a part of the priority pass membership, you get 2 complimentary lounge visits outside India in a calendar year
Additionally, if you spend INR 50,000 or more in a calendar quarter on your credit card, the primary cardholder can avail of an extra airport lounge visit outside India
Know the complete list of Priority Pass lounges and terms of the offer, click here.

1. The spend based extra lounge visit can be accessed through a voucher issued by Lounge Key on behalf of RBL Bank.

2. Once you avail the complimentary visits, you will be charged up to $35 in case of any subsequent lounge visits.

 

Travel Insurance
Worry-free overseas travel privileges for you. We have you covered with complimentary Travel Insurance on World Safari Credit Card, which covers:

 

Personal Liability Coverage
Trip Delay
Baggage Loss
Loss of Passport
Dental Treatment
Click here for detailed Terms and Conditions

 

24*7 Concierge Desk
Get the best services available to you around the clock from a dedicated concierge desk. You can do the following with the desk's help:

 

Golf Course Referral and Reservation Assistance
Hotel Referral and Reservation Assistance
Dining Referral and Reservation Assistance
Spa, Fitness Centre, and Sports Centre Information and Referral Assistance
Please contact the Concierge Desk for bookings, by calling our Customer Service at 022 6232 7777

 

Golf Privileges
Discover your World Safari Credit Card's golf privileges:

 

Get easy access to premier golf courses across India.
Get 4 complimentary rounds of green fee in a year and one golf lesson each month.
Rejoice 50% discounted green fee beyond 4 complimentary rounds.
Click here to know more about the program, list of golf courses and term and conditions.
**Golf Concierge complimentary only for MasterCard holders.

 

Fuel Surcharge Waiver
Refuel your journey with a waiver of fuel surcharge across all fuel stations.
Valid for fuel transactions between INR 500 and INR 4,000. Get a maximum waiver of INR 250 per month.
Refer Product T&C for more details.


